Teacher Chen, this woman is not in the car.
I looked carefully before. What happened?
I'm just a teacher, I really don't know anything.
How could you not know? If you don’t tell me, I’ll take action?
I think I heard that I died because they talked about it too much every day.
Why do they have to draw blood for five days? I know,
I'm just a teacher, not a doctor.
Tianji Hospital is a high-end private hospital.
A person with a fever is sent to such a high-cost hospital,
It's so unreasonable. at the beginning,
Either this hospital, or the one next to it,
I turned around later.
It's getting a little complicated
This matter has nothing to do with me
I'm just a teacher
How can I know so many things?
OK, you can go
Is it true to give him a baby?
If you call the police
I'm not afraid if you can't spare me next time
Not yet, not yet, not afraid yet
Teacher Chen, what should I do?
Are you still going to the hospital for a checkup?
There's no need to go to the hospital
Which hospital would say it has a problem?
I don't understand anything
The hospital owned by Boss Ma killed five days old
So they want to blow up Boss Ma to death
core reasonable
Follow up next time
You get everyone out of the car
Boss Ma is left alone
Come on, Bao Dayun is crazy.
If you still use it, I can go back.
how do you know
Last time Li Xiaofang was Bao Dayun
I'll just go back
You can go back even if you fall asleep
Wait for the door to open
Then I'll wait for a while